h1. ER Tweet Me

Automatically links up twitter @mentions and #hashtag searches

h2. Credits

This plugin was is the brainchild of <a href="http://www.moogaloo.com/">Andy Marshall</a>, @moogaloo and was developed by <a href="http://erikreagan.com/">Erik Reagan</a>, @erikreagan

h2. Instructions

*For ExpressionEngine 1.6.x*

* Upload the <code>er_tweet_me/pi.er_tweet_me.php</code> file in your <code>system/plugins</code> directory

*For ExpressionEngine 2.x*

* Upload the <code>er_tweet_me</code> directory to the <code>expressionengine/third_party</code> directory

h2. Usage

h3. Single String Use

To turn a single username or hash into a link just use the single tag like this:

<pre><code>
{exp:er_tweet_me data="@erikreagan"}
 or
{exp:er_tweet_me data="#expressionengine"}
</code></pre>

h3. Longer Text

To convert all occurrences of @name or #hashtag wrap the contents in a tag pair like this:

<pre>
<code>
{exp:er_tweet_me}
{body}
{/exp:er_tweet_me}
</code>
</pre>

h3. Changing the URL

If you prefer to use a website other than twitter you can specify the base URL like this:

<pre>
<code>
{exp:er_tweet_me base_at_url="http://twittercounter.com/" base_hash_url="http://tweefind.com/queryresults.php?q="}
{body}
{/exp:er_tweet_me}
</code>
</pre>

h2. Change Log

+*Mar 27th, 2010: 1.1.0*+

* Feature: Added parameter base_at_url
* Feature: Added parameter base_hash_url
* Feature: Updated plugin to support both EE 1.6.x and EE 2.x
* Bug: Tweaked regular expressions to match mentions and hashes directly following HTML tags
* Note: Assigned license to add-on: "Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported":http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/

*Oct 5th, 2009: 1.0.0*

* Initial Release